Add more documentation on json formatting (#47854)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/JSON_STYLE.md

## Formatting tool

> The formatting tool can be found alongside the releases as `json_formatter.exe` or `json_formatter.cgi`, built via `make style-json` or accessed at http://dev.narc.ro/cataclysm/format.html, adding the formatting tool to your `PATH` or to your Cataclysm-DDA root directory is recommended.
> 
> Using `make style-json` will also format all JSON files inside the `data` folder, alternatively per folder formatting can be done with this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The formatting tool can be found alongside the releases as `json_formatter.exe` or `json_formatter.cgi`, built via `make style-json`, or accessed at <http://dev.narc.ro/cataclysm/format.html>.  It is recommended to add the formatting tool's location to your `PATH` or (if not already present) put it in your Cataclysm-DDA root directory.

Using `make style-json` will also format all JSON files inside the `data` folder; alternatively, per folder formatting can be done with this command:
```

```cmd
find path/to/desired/folder -name "*.json" -print0 | xargs -0 -L 1 path/to/json_formatter
```

> Using git to filter uncommitted changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using git to filter uncommitted changes (provided there are no spaces in the file or directory names):
```
